Lilliana Robinson: For you guys.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And do I share my screen? Yes, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Whenever you're ready I'll start the time.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, can you guys see
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): my screen.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, you can see it now.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? So I have a lever on each slide and they're all revenue
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): related, as you'll see.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So this is lever number one sorry, too far forward.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, so referral program spend. So
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): in terms of significance, this is a proxy for word of mouth marketing. Which is, you know, really relevant in our industry. That's typically how people find new suppliers. And while we can't rely on word of mouth until we have
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): a quorum of clients who can start referring us. We're hoping that having a referral program will accelerate our word of mouth. Once we have a bolus of clients and so the expected change in output is that it will lead to more warm leads, which is important, which will lead to demos, deals, and revenue. In terms of how to pull. These are all similar. Generate more revenue under funding to create a referral program. So something like
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): giving $200 for every referral with whom you land a deal. And in terms of testing in the financial model. It will just reveal to what degree this lever affects revenue. This is going to be standard throughout my lovers.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So any questions, or should I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm curious about this. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: referral program spend. So what what is the spend? Exactly.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Like the $200 right like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Infrastructure, right? Like getting the word out about our referral program. It's kind of like a marketing initiative.
Lilliana Robinson: But we talk.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you have? Do you have any evidence of this already?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): No evidence. I've never tried it before.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, but I know word of mouth like word of mouth again. This is a huge assumption, but based on my 1st hand experience is how news travels? Right? When we're starting a clinical trial. We ask our colleagues like, who did you use for X. Who did you use for y like? That's typically how we source.
Lilliana Robinson: So I want to let you continue. But, Neil, this is something we talked about in the assumptions workshop. So one of Monica's main assumptions is this and, Monica, we did talk about that. You might be able to do it for free, like Dave and I were both saying, but I want you to continue the presentation. We can talk about that in a sec.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So lever 2 is industry conference, sponsorship spend. So again, this is a historically large driver for pharma enterprise. B, 2 B solutions like ours. It has the highest conversion rate. Second, to referrals again, a huge assumption.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And now I'm like super aware of what is an assumption. If prospects don't know we exist. We they can't even begin to buy from us or refer to us via word of mouth we need to be visible in the market. Conferences are where the decision makers are hanging out normally. See them on Linkedin. They're actually physically at these conferences. Again, expected change in output is similar, except these would be colder leads. They wouldn't be warm because they weren't referred.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): How to pull and testing and financial model is pretty similar. Pulling is just spending more here. Testing will. Let us see the
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): effect on revenue.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Any questions.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, lever 3. Industry, publication. Spend
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): similar to conference spend in terms of visibility and conversion rate. However, this conversion may take longer, as this is less about immediate in person connections, and more about making multiple touch points with prospects via recurring thought leadership articles and webinars. So typically these publications, they do an email blast of their monthly
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): volume of their publication, and within that publication would be an article written by us like multiple articles. And so they would have multiple exposure to our brand and our thought leadership, and sometimes they throw in a webinar for us as well. Again, similar expected change in output leading to revenue.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and the the rest are similar as well. How to pull is just spending more in this area. This is probably the most expensive. I just explored this opportunity, and it was like $50,000 for a year testing and financial model is simple.
Lilliana Robinson: Their time, Monica. So I'm gonna have to pause you there.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll let Neil speak first, st because it sounded like you wanted to speak on the 1st lever.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, if we can jump to the 1st one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and this might carry over to the other 2 as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I guess
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the notion here is that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like your $200? Can you tell me what the $200 like?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: When is that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: spent
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like? How does it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, yeah. So we'd put the program out there. So we'd say, Hey, clinical operations person, if you refer us to someone who's seeking a solution like ours, and we actually land a deal with them. At that point you get $200,
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and if they're not in our database already. So that's how that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and are these individuals like? Is that meaningful to them? Is that $200, like an actual.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): That's just a guess. It's all assumption.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. Alright, so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in. In this. In this sense, I'm almost curious to know if there are other
Neal Sáles-Griffin: potential levers of individual effort that could be applied here on top of that referral spend, because I noticed that for each of the 3 that you've come up with it's all related to spending money and which makes sense. These are financial levers. However.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there might be some other
Neal Sáles-Griffin: more granular
Neal Sáles-Griffin: inputs that you could analyze and measure to determine which ones are most effective.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So my initial reaction here is that there's a few other layers of detail
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for each of the 3 levers that could exist that could allow you to measure, even like smaller points
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of of input and influence. So there's more predictability with those behaviors.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But yeah, I'll I'll let other people ask questions to weigh in, because I can obviously spend more time with you outside of this, to talk more about it.
Lilliana Robinson: No, that's exactly it. I think, Monica, thank you for going first, st because I think a lot of people are gonna have that same exact thing. So what Neil's saying about predictability is really like the goal that we're getting to. So like the smaller actions you can take that, you know, are gonna like, move the lever, because we're kind of early. And a lot of these are unvalidated assumptions which I like that you like gave that disclaimer.
Lilliana Robinson: I think this is good for now, but what Neil is saying is what you should work toward.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, yeah, it makes total sense. And each one can be broken down, especially just really quickly. The sponsoring the conference. There's different types of conference. There's different levels of sponsorship like you can get deeper into that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right and the actions you're taking at the conference itself. Right? What are the interactions? Who are the people, and what institutions? And there's there's so many other aspects to it that become more meaningful to measure beyond just the sponsorship itself, that I would encourage you to like. Consider.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's our time. We might have more time in in the other feedbacks for other people to have the class gift. But we just we just gave all of our feedback time. So let's go to Flo and Monica. Thank you again for going first.st
Florence Ettlin: Are you?
Lilliana Robinson: Great little snapshots I I like. How high level yours was, Monica. Alright! Go on.
Florence Ettlin: Ice cream.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep, we can see it.
Florence Ettlin: Okay. So for us, as a disclaimer, I think, since we heard the 1st conversation this morning, maybe there's some that aren't correct, but that's why we're here. So the 1st lever that we identified is the units onboarded per sales rep per month. So how many units each person can actually on board. And this is actually one of the strongest levers. So if we figure out how to pull that
Florence Ettlin: properly, and what things to put into place. This can really increase our revenue exponentially when we played around it
Florence Ettlin: in our model.
Florence Ettlin: and it really forces us to detect bottlenecks in our onboarding process and tackle these. So we just for the high level analysis, we thought of some strategies we could do to kind of increase the number of units that we could on.
Florence Ettlin: for instance, limit the property information that is required to start implementing Anna so that we can get started quicker with these clients and sending someone to gather all the info of properties. And this actually came out of multiple conversations with with our peers. And also an example that you guys had given, and then incentivize speedy onboarding through additional perks.
Florence Ettlin: So that's the 1st lever we identified. Should I go through, or do you want to comment on that already.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Very quickly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so the unit onboarded is directly influenced by what actions.
Florence Ettlin: So these are some assumptions right now that we say these strategies, we could try them out to see if it affects the number of units we can onboard. So, for example, limit the info that we need from the clients, because right now there is a long wait until they provide us all the information to train the model
Florence Ettlin: so instead of that, we could just get started with small pieces and add on as we go, which would then allow us to onboard way quicker to what we do right now, and start.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right. So there's an efficiency with the onboarding as well. But, like, what like are you also trying to do top of funnel like, are you trying to bring in more to the top.
Florence Ettlin: You mean sales units? Yes, absolutely.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, yes.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, for sure. So like the number of hours we spend on. Oh, are you alluring to another? Lever here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: May. Maybe it's another level. You're gonna present. Okay? Also.
Florence Ettlin: No, no, it's not.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Very good.
Florence Ettlin: Actually could be. Now I get it. What you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh!
Florence Ettlin: Like the number of hours we spend on outreach and getting these people to come.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, let's go get it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay?
Florence Ettlin: Got it? Got it? Got it? Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Have a minute left, so why don't you stop.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So sorry I'll shut up, and Andy's got something to say to you.
Florence Ettlin: You know.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll do feedback in a few.
Florence Ettlin: So it's kind of connected to this, but more on the hiring part. So this is how many sales reps we would hire. So the number of sales reps really influences. How much time can be spent on outreach
Florence Ettlin: and we in our model, we see that with each new sales rep, we're able to grow revenue by 40%, while only increasing cost by 20%. So it's definitely a lever that we should also consider. And this has actually also been based on when we could observe when we both were doing outreach versus when only one of us was doing outreach the impact. Obviously, the more time we spend on it, the more results you get.
Florence Ettlin: So it informs us about when to hire, and how many additional sales reps to hire in order to reach the goals we set. And then the 3rd one I'm just going to go through. Is the subscription price I know earlier today you had mentioned that it's not really a lever. So we pick that from Troy's class as a lever. But I'm happy to change. Of course. This obviously has a significant impact on how many units we need to onboard in order to reach our our goals.
Florence Ettlin: And and we are actually see it as a way to help us build different pricing packages for the future. So how could we
Florence Ettlin: offer
Florence Ettlin: higher amounts of price, lower amounts of price. What kind of feature packs would be relevant for these different clients? But this is the lever with the least amount of flexibility, because obviously there's a cap we can't just keep on increasing our pricing. So that's what we came up with.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that's time. So that was perfect.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you go back to the 1st one?
Lilliana Robinson: Yes.
Lilliana Robinson: I think. Well, Neil was saying, top of funnel that'll be like probably a separate one. This seems like it's like efficiency, like each sales rep needs to be able to get more units on boarded per month. I think jobs to be done will help with this, because, like targeting the correct segment.
Lilliana Robinson: remember, from W. 3, they're supposed to, it's supposed to be a heck. Yes, like absolutely. So. Then you'll just be able to start getting people to sign quickly.
Lilliana Robinson: and I think them moving slowly with the onboarding is also probably a result. This is an assumption, but probably a result of it not being like a morphine problem.
Lilliana Robinson: right? Like, if I really really needed this. I I would be like giving you all the stuff that you need right now.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Florence Ettlin: So for the financial lever. Then, just to get back to what Neil had mentioned. Would it be better to look at really the kind of what we also measure in our Kpis, like the number of hours I dedicate each week or each month. How many emails, how many emails I'm sending like. Would that be kind of the same things that we're measuring with our Kpis would be our financial levers. Is that what we're trying to unlock here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Florence Ettlin: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: And this is much more an awareness than something you're going to measure week over week for all of you for financial levers. It's like you want to be aware of what lovers are, the ones pulling the strings for your business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I want. I like the what all of you want is to feel like when you look at your model.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you compare your individual like inputs or effort
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to the what you have in the model. You can go okay next week. If we increase our efforts in these ways.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm predicting that this is going to be the impact. You know, as far as our our numbers returns, our our Kpis like that's that's where we want to get to. And and some of these are like almost by products of those inputs. But I want to see more of the granular inputs that you can actually bet on, you know. Okay, I'm gonna send. I'm gonna double down. I'm gonna spend 20% more of my time sending out these emails this week. And by then I'll send out this number. And we think by sending this number instead of that previous one. It's gonna have this kind of measurable impact on.
Florence Ettlin: Okay, so would hiring. Then count as one of those, because
Florence Ettlin: obviously increasing your team and getting a new team member to help do and replicate and spend more of those times.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Maybe maybe. But I would say with the team I'm more interested in, I think that's Lever 3. If you want to jump to that slide? Yeah. So oh, actually, number 2. Sorry you you got it? Number 2.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So these sales, what are they doing? What what actions are they taking. And are we measuring the actions that they're taking to make progress first, st before we bring in just more people and assume that that means better results.
Florence Ettlin: Granular at.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Florence Ettlin: Their inputs. Okay, got it? Yep. Understood.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's do, or and then Annie.
Uğur Koç | dert: Yeah, really quickly. If you go to slide one may maybe like I might be getting the whole lever thing, you know, upside down. But looking at number of units on board that per sales representative per month. If I'm reading this correctly like, is this something that you can influence manually by just putting in more resources into? Or is this more of a performance metric that you you wish that it's gonna get better.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. So our assumption is that by doing these strategies down here we would actually be able to influence that. But then, back to what Liliana has said, it could be that this simply is an indication that it's not the strong enough problem for them. So that's kind of where we would want to see. Okay, what can we do about it? Onboarding process actively do to make it shorter and easier for people to onboard?
Florence Ettlin: Or are we simply not targeting the right market with the right struggling moment. So, yeah.
Florence Ettlin: part, partly being able to actually influence that output.
Florence Ettlin: That's the idea.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Annie.
Annie Brown: Yeah, I was just really quick. Gonna add that if you know, part of the onboarding bottleneck is training the model speed I would love to talk to you, you guys, and and yoge about that, because I think I can help.
Florence Ettlin: Thank you.
Florence Ettlin: Okay.
Florence Ettlin: I think we're done.
Lilliana Robinson: Great job, collab. Thank you. And those were really succinct answers, I can tell you, really understand. So that's really good.
Lilliana Robinson: George Reid is next.
George Reed - Noetic: Well, thank you. Sure.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay.
George Reed - Noetic: How's that? Can everyone register to vote
George Reed - Noetic: alright? Can you all see the
George Reed - Noetic: slides now?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, now, we can.
George Reed - Noetic: Cool, cool. Thank you. Okay. So the 1st one I've put here is
George Reed - Noetic: I mean, I think these are all financial like they're all they'll directly impact finances. So upselling from volume based to premium subscription. So the idea is to
George Reed - Noetic: sort of have a wide funnel of volume based clients that are maybe easier to sell. They can even like sign up themselves eventually. Oh, this cat that's cute and then be able to upsell them into the premium subscription, and like the support package. So
George Reed - Noetic: the idea there being that may maybe the lever here we could pull would be as well.
George Reed - Noetic: by increasing those like the idea, the the financial practice, Mrr. Of course, growth. But we also want to learn
George Reed - Noetic: through that like different client profiles and even use them as like foundations or inputs to the next rounds of jobs to be done interviews. So we could take that wide funnel, and we could like narrow down and learn more from that. So that would be like the learning
George Reed - Noetic: from that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So. So what are we pulling here like like.
George Reed - Noetic: Get to work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Talking about a little lever.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What does the lever do?
George Reed - Noetic: I think the up well is upselling. Not a lever. Maybe I'm I need to. I it's obviously I haven't read the book yet, so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, it's okay. No. So so like, when you say upselling like, what action are you measurably taking.
George Reed - Noetic: On a week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Basis that influences this.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, true. So maybe it could be like number of volume based clients that we book a 1 to one call with to try and upsell
George Reed - Noetic: like if they.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What? What are the friction, and steps to getting a client on that upsell trajectory, or call.
George Reed - Noetic: So obviously, all assumptions are that would probably be like
George Reed - Noetic: doing jobs to be done, kind of thinking on them and trying to narrow them down into the the volume. Clients who are in need of like a higher tier, or would benefit from a higher tier.
George Reed - Noetic: so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, it sounds like there's more fidelity. It needs to exist between, like your pipeline, of whoever these potential clients are, what actions you're taking to schedule these conversations and calls, and then how those actually go for you to then ultimately either upsell or convert them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like whatever details happen between the pipeline list that you can reach out to. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we have them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: those like. There's steps within there that you need to start to measure and identify, that are going to be those levels.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, cool, cool cheers. Thanks. Neil. Yeah. Again, super assumption based right? Now. Okay, so next one, of course, very basic fundamentals. Just outreach and referral volume, I guess.
George Reed - Noetic: might be wrong. So
George Reed - Noetic: number of completed sales, calls, and number of referrals made. So introducing referral program could be a lever here
George Reed - Noetic: potentially, does it make sense? To increase the yeah. Cac and Ltv of customers.
George Reed - Noetic: And then again, like it could provide insight into
George Reed - Noetic: more of the
George Reed - Noetic: acquisition channels and like marketing strategies
George Reed - Noetic: that would work best
George Reed - Noetic: potentially like
George Reed - Noetic: I might need feedback on this one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You can go to the next one, too, if you have one.
Lilliana Robinson: Questions, yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: And then so here, like focusing on this, is more of a oops. Sorry this is more of a product based
George Reed - Noetic: lever, maybe, is trying to increase that number of hours saved per client, because that's sort of like a direct
George Reed - Noetic: indicator of efficiency and value.
George Reed - Noetic: for the clients.
George Reed - Noetic: So again. This could be another jobs to be done around, but monitoring, monitoring those and fine tune, the product based on that, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I like that. I like that. You use the word monitoring, because, like I, I would reframe it and go. We don't want to monitor any of this. We want to pull them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We want to pull levers. We don't want to monitor levers, right? We need to be able to take action to influence them. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the big kind of feedback I have over all 3 that you presented. George is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there, I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: are levers within each of the categories that you're describing. But we haven't actually particularly identified them yet.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you should be able to look at each of these 3 categories, and not even without reading the book. Right? You should be able to look at each of these categories. Maybe talk amongst the class, talk more to me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we should be able to pinpoint some act like actions. You can take.
George Reed - Noetic: And.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That influence the increase in each of these categories.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, that clicked before when you were talking.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right.
George Reed - Noetic: Saying that, yeah. So that's tonight's job. Yeah, just gentlemen, just
George Reed - Noetic: I'm I'm basically yeah, thinking about how to validate those assumptions. So of course we've got to go back and do that there and then, thinking about you've mentioned like, wanting to run lots of like
George Reed - Noetic: sort of small experiments
George Reed - Noetic: outside of jobs to be done, and sort of thinking about what those could be as well to test these levers and sort of validate those assumptions.
George Reed - Noetic: I'm not sure what what those could be yet, but that's something to think about as well. So and that's it. Now, that's that's the whole.
Lilliana Robinson: Glad to open it to your class. I see Collab has a comment.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, it's more of a question. Actually, I feel like, maybe there was a bit of a confusion with all of us. In terms of, are we actually looking at? Kind of the secondary like Kpis that we're measuring like, Oh, I want to do. You know, if I put X amount of hours into outreach and X amount of hours into a weekly test. Or is that what we're trying to get to with these financial covers? So it's kind of in line with the Kpis.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right. So I hear you mentioned hours a lot with respect to this effort.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think it's the actions within those hours, not just the hours themselves. It's not a unit of time. It's a unit of like like, what are those actions that you're actually doing within that timeframe? Yeah, exactly. So you want to quantify it more. Yeah.
Florence Ettlin: Okay? So that's kind of like in line with the Kpis. Then what would that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
Florence Ettlin: Okay, got it. Now, it makes sense. Okay. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other comments for George.
George Reed - Noetic: Be confused.
Lilliana Robinson: You're fine, George. That's the whole point of this.
Lilliana Robinson: So.
Dave Scott: George, George, I'm happy to talk to you after this, and we can brainstorm around it.
George Reed - Noetic: Cheers Dave. Alright. Sounds good.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you, Dave. That's very sweet.
Fabio Caironi: Here.
Lilliana Robinson: And Fabio. There we go.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, there you go! Thanks for being.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect
Lilliana Robinson: and you can take another stab. You can post in base camp and we'll we'll check it out online.
Lilliana Robinson: Async, cool.
Lilliana Robinson: perfect.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: next is.
Lilliana Robinson: let's here
Lilliana Robinson: near it.
Lilliana Robinson: and then cogniscope is on down.
George Reed - Noetic: Current location.
Nirat Attri: Alright
Nirat Attri: like just to chime in there like I feel like I'm also pretty confused now, after listening to all the comments. So
Nirat Attri: I think
Nirat Attri: what we, what I've tried to do is like, build it around the financial model. Primarily. So, one of the 1st ones that we identified was around hiring that. The way we want to do it is for spend optimization
Nirat Attri: that the ability to build a remote team from day one allows us to
Nirat Attri: higher
Nirat Attri: like talent equivalents that would be beneficial for pushing out more features, and then, of course, being able to monetize those features faster.
Nirat Attri: and then the next one is around visibility. I think this is the one that we are needing to validate a little bit because
Nirat Attri: in healthcare. What we've figured out is direct sales is the norm, and, like Monica was mentioning, everything happens to be very word of mouth. So we do want to see what kind of marketing spend leads us to more
Nirat Attri: core leads to like core lead conversion. That's what we want to experiment with, and then kind of come up with what the formula around it is. So again.
Nirat Attri: just referring back to some jobs to be done. Interviews we felt like, I mean, we have like a sample size of 2 or 3 right now. But the idea is that a lot of this hires that came in were people that were always, somehow around
Nirat Attri: the customer already. So we feel like this is something that we should be focusing more on.
Nirat Attri: And one thing which we do talk about is a circular customer. Acquisition strategy there, that the customers of our customers have potential to be our customers, because whenever you talk about connectivity solutions you are already connecting to something. So whoever you're connecting to has the potential to be our customers as well, so we haven't pulled on this level yet, but we do feel that that would be something that we can actually use to bring down customer acquisition cost and traditional channels already.
Nirat Attri: The last one that we want to look at is time to pilot conversion like. So whenever we do sign up pilots, and that's generally the way initial sales go in health. Tech we want to lower down the time that it takes for us to convert a potential client from being on a pilot to a Saas model recurring revenue kind of customer.
Nirat Attri: And then we feel like this would also help us build on the differentiation of our product. Because, typically we feel that this is somewhere where a lot of
Nirat Attri: people doing similar things as us lose their clients because it tends to be a very slow thing. So if you're able to build differentiation around it it's also going to help us in the marketing that we want to push as part of the visibility channels, and then hopefully, as time to part, conversion goes down. We'll have increased customers Ltv and decreased. Cse,
Nirat Attri: so yeah, broadly speaking, that's what.
Nirat Attri: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: I like that. You put need to validate next to increasing marketing, spend right? Cause we don't. That's an assumption. We don't know if that's gonna increase lead conversion. But it could.
Lilliana Robinson: I do like
Lilliana Robinson: trying to increase virality and word of mouth and stuff like that.
Lilliana Robinson: Lead conversion could also be like I was telling Collab a segment issue. So if, like, your leads aren't converting, maybe you're not targeting the correct pool and that's what the majority of people who come into our program have the issue of. So that is probably the issue. But
Lilliana Robinson: increasing marketing spend could also make a fly well for you guys. So that's something we can validate by like doing, you know, putting small investments in instead of just buying 10 grand worth of ads. So I like that. You put that there. I don't know if, Neil, you want to comment
Lilliana Robinson: on anything.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm open to what others want to say first.st
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Let's open it to the room.
Çoruh | CogniScope: if I have a question about the 3rd one, because I
Çoruh | CogniScope: as like as I think of a lever, I think it should
Çoruh | CogniScope: kind of have some kind of like trade off. Like to
Çoruh | CogniScope: pull the lever upside or down should benefit
Çoruh | CogniScope: for different coast, maybe because, like, that's what I was thinking, when we are like thinking about the levers, because.
Çoruh | CogniScope: like for the 3rd one, like when you do faster.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I don't. It will get first, st and it will only benefit. But if you have much more time to like pilot conversion.
Çoruh | CogniScope: what will you get
Çoruh | CogniScope: when you do that like? I don't know if I'm right or wrong on like thinking about this structure. But
Çoruh | CogniScope: yeah, that's my opinion.
Nirat Attri: I'll take it up. So typically when you do something that's more bespoke. If you don't have the tools to be able to support that it takes a lot of time before you actually get into the pilot stage. And then the second part of it is, pilots generally have certain benchmarks that you have to hit before they would convert into actually paid customers. So typically if you're not hitting the benchmark of the pilot, the customer would basically say that you have failed.
Nirat Attri: So the moment you're able to deliver that value faster, you'll be able to convert that customer faster. So that would be the thing that we are targeting. If you're if you're like a lot of times you would onboard b 2 b customers. But the
Nirat Attri: value delivery tends to be a little bit more iterative, so the sooner you're able to build the features that allow them to reach their goals. That would be the intent behind it.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, but like it's.
Çoruh | CogniScope: it seems like a more like gold than a lever to me, you know, because you should do that because you should get to that point, so it will be much faster. You'll attain that faster. But
Çoruh | CogniScope: I don't know like it's more like a love, more like a goal than a lever to me.
Nirat Attri: I see what I mean.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other comments for health blocks.
Annie Brown: Just one question, should these financial levers be short term, like what our company is now and then, basically, you change
Annie Brown: your financial levers as.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Annie Brown: When it grows. Okay?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah. And by the way, Annie, what you posted in the chat, I just want to say, like, I I think that's super helpful and important for people to review, and what I want to clarify about it is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I would say that as much as they're being framed, those categories, boosting sales volume, operational efficiency, expanding market. They're framed as levers, because in the model they could exist as such.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I almost want you all. I'm gonna edit what Troy's saying in real time here, I guess, for the sake of this room. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: T, like those are rooms. Those are control rooms that have multiple like panels in them with levers on them, I guess, is how I'm trying to describe the metaphor. So like you step into the room of improving operational efficiency. And then you're like, oh.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what lever should I pull? Because here are all the different things I can do to improve operational efficiency? It's not a lever in and of itself. There's things within that category that you then pull to influence it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so hopefully that resonates with the room as far as what I'm getting at.
Annie Brown: That helps a lot.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: I like what? Or put words lovers and his understanding are repeatable things you can do to create change in your business. That's the simplest way to say it.
Lilliana Robinson: neurit. What would be helpful here? What do you have? The most questions about.
Nirat Attri: I feel like everything
Nirat Attri: finally boils down to monetization and like increasing like influencing the financial model. I feel like I just want to understand a little bit more on what would be levers on the product side that would actually impact us around. I mean differentiation. And like visibility in that regard.
Nirat Attri: So
Nirat Attri: yeah, that would be something that I would need to figure out.
Lilliana Robinson: That might naturally happen from product market fit.
Lilliana Robinson: right? Like the the visibility piece from the product side.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Okay. I'm excited to see you work on this. This is great, very clear, and I think you understand pretty well.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's jump. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: let's jump to cogniscope.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh.
Çoruh | CogniScope: No, I'm okay. I think
Çoruh | CogniScope: so.
Çoruh | CogniScope: here is our like financial levers. But we thought directly on the Troy's model, like the assumptions, and how we can make this
Çoruh | CogniScope: like, how many people should we attain to get on the profitability side. So
Çoruh | CogniScope: we decided on getting like the subscription price and price for feedback
Çoruh | CogniScope: optimization to like balancing customer acquisition and maximizing revenue.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and also, like Gpu, C, we have a Gpu and CPU inferences which optimizes the performance basically and has a trade off between cost and performance plus.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And we have a networking budget like which this is the main marketing channel we talked about thought about, because at this stage we should build the personal relationships and more events, we go as actually more
Çoruh | CogniScope: a possible lead to us. So
Çoruh | CogniScope: why this this matters?
Çoruh | CogniScope: it's actually like, I said. The outcome is pro adjusting the pricing to refine revenue model appeal to more customer segments, and also finding that balance point the lower, the prices is equal to more small, to medium studios. Extraction, which, built to make us need more customers to reach profitability, but the higher prices
Çoruh | CogniScope: we'll need to aim for larger studios, which takes a long
Çoruh | CogniScope: Lent long time to lend customers. And also we need to close annual deal deals then like more
Çoruh | CogniScope: one time or monthly deals. So we need to focus on that regard
Çoruh | CogniScope: on the performance. Things. Is the like optimizing computing resources to make it more profitable and scalable
Çoruh | CogniScope: for our products. So expensive. Gpu is faster processing, but less profitable, but higher lifetime. Video for time. Sensitive customers which
Çoruh | CogniScope: we don't know yet, surely because we haven't completed our jobs to be done.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and cheap Cp like CPU. Option is slow processing, but
Çoruh | CogniScope: more profitable.
Çoruh | CogniScope: but suitable only for the customers are not time sensitive, and the networking is, as I said, like we should focus on like we can focus on the high return on investment events and get prepared for that to reduce the amount of money we spend on going to those events. The more networking budget is equal to more leads and presence
Çoruh | CogniScope: which will attract more possible customers. But when we
Çoruh | CogniScope: decrease the amount of budget it. We have to be more roi con high roi concerned. And we need to put more efforts on those events.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So these are like a nutshell.
Çoruh | CogniScope: or lovers
Çoruh | CogniScope: out
Çoruh | CogniScope: any comments.
Morgan Stanton: Can you go back to the 1st slide.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yep.
Morgan Stanton: I don't understand. Lover 2 like
Morgan Stanton: maybe that's just that's not my field as well like.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, I I think we could make we could add more context on it. So we are AI models. Works can work on CPU or Gpus Gpus require much more like
Çoruh | CogniScope: they cost lots, and they do the analysis much faster in real time. But when we use CPU we
Çoruh | CogniScope: decrease the performance, so it won't be that real time. It would have a much
Çoruh | CogniScope: larger buffer time.
Çoruh | CogniScope: so it will affect the performance of the users.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So if the user is
Çoruh | CogniScope: like a really time sensitive user
Çoruh | CogniScope: they wouldn't be the CPU wouldn't be beneficial as Gpu inferences. So that's actually the
Çoruh | CogniScope: choices we have to make.
Morgan Stanton: Is it something you can rapidly switch between like, we'll we'll do it. Okay.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, just just like, just on a switch.
Uğur Koç | dert: Well, the thing is, we can change the availability of these instances more than you know. If we are giving the user more CPU inferences versus more Gpu inferences. The number of these basically correlate directly to
Uğur Koç | dert: the time it takes for our analysis to conclude which in turn is basically time for our customers. So if we were to up these, you know, Cpus or gpus, or decrease them, or, you know, allow for them both like it basically shortens the time that it takes for a customer to do the analysis. So like these levers are quite interesting, because the information that we found in the book. And then the information we added on top
Uğur Koç | dert: after listening to listening to Troy's exercise, it's a bit conflicting like writing. These was a bit conflicting, because, you know.
Uğur Koç | dert: Price, yes, is something that we have direct control over, and when we change it, you know, it might increase ourselves, because, you know, supply demand, and you know price equilibrium moves with it. I guess, Econ. 1 0 1, but like it at the same time. This is not something you can change week by week, basis to, you know, continuously drive, change like you can't play with your price week or week. So that's a question that we have over there.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Uğur Koç | dert: Same thing goes with the CPU versus Gpu thing, which is like, yes, we can change it to make the product more pleasant to use.
Uğur Koç | dert: But the it's not something that we can change continuously to, you know. It's not something we can continuously do to invoke change. It's just like a parameter of
Uğur Koç | dert: parameter that we can play with, so that you know our product becomes more pleasant. But I guess we're looking forward to comments on these things.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Uğur Koç | dert: How we perceive levers.
Lilliana Robinson: Nick is saying, this is an interesting question. He's saying, Why, why don't you just have tiers where the customer decides if they care about paying more, or if they care about not being super fast, so they can just pay less, and then they get CPU pay more.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, that's.
Uğur Koç | dert: Roughly what we have. Yeah, that's roughly what we have.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah. But like, it's, I think it, we will get the answer of this on jobs to be done. Interviews, because
Çoruh | CogniScope: this actually lies within in our value proposition to our customers. So to be able to do these kind of things in real time or not. If it's matters or not wish. That's like kind of the assumption phase. That's why why we're like not sure about how to balance between them. Because.
Çoruh | CogniScope: like, if you go on
Çoruh | CogniScope: like, if you go on a web page and see you can do a real time analysis. It's
Çoruh | CogniScope: a different customer segment.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and like, if you can get like a report kind of thing. This is a whole other way of thinking about how you can benefit the outcome. And I think it has a different user base. Essentially. So
Çoruh | CogniScope: that's why we are a bit more conflicting on those sites.
Lilliana Robinson: I do agree with what George put in the chat where it's like we need to talk about what the action is. But I'm gonna let Annie and Fabio speak so, Annie, and then we'll go to Fabio.
Annie Brown: Yeah, it just. We can talk more about this offline. But just for the group, too. Networking and conferences are notoriously, really hard to track Roi on. So you just want to be. You'll see. I have it on my side, too. But you just want to be really careful about saying, Oh, I'm pulling this lever. It's not working. And and also budget investment in an event doesn't necessarily mean quality, because if you get a free speaking position at that event
Annie Brown: that might actually be better than buying a table at the event. So I think that one's just one you want to keep your eye on that. It's a little bit less black and white than maybe some of the others.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I I agree with Annie. And then, like the what I typically tell people is the strat. The best strategy for events and seminars is how many meetings you can set up before you actually get to this to the show?
Dave Scott: because I I wouldn't spend a dime on having a table there, but I would make sure that I had a certain sponsorship where they gave me the list of all the attendees ahead of time.
Dave Scott: and then I would. I would just set up as many meetings as I could. When when they were all there.
Lilliana Robinson: Good advice. The same advice that Dave gave Monica a couple of weeks ago. Fabio.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, and we, we have a similar lever as a 3rd one. But my question was like, I'm curious about what is the cost for levers number one and 2 and to be more specific, how many users do you think you will lose by raising the subscription price? And for the second lever. What is actually that you have to do to
Fabio Caironi: optimize CPU versus gpu like?
Fabio Caironi: Does it require more time for you to work on.
Uğur Koç | dert: I mean I I can answer that. But I think I should answer that in a you know, private conversation with you. It's not that, you know, it's confidential information, but it's very specific and technical. I think you know. It's more or less about the financial levers and more about you know how to, you know, serve a cloud
Uğur Koç | dert: product. So I guess, like.
Fabio Caironi: Like, I'm just. I'm just trying to see like, what is the cost that you have to factor in like, if it's like, you know a month of work from an engineer, or maybe a day, because that would like change a lot like, can you? How how easily can you pull the lever. That's like, basically my question.
Uğur Koç | dert: Yeah, I mean, it's very shortly we're at time, but like very shortly, if we add another gpu to the cluster, it's roughly $2,000 a month extra.
Uğur Koç | dert: and you know it allows for parallel processing, and I can increase the gpus indefinitely. But then it's costing us more money. The same thing goes with the available CPU instances. More CPU instances, we make available more, the cost less than 2,000. But yeah, still.
Fabio Caironi: Gotcha. I I would just like to challenge you there to like find some
Fabio Caironi: like numeric correlation, like, I know we're still at early stages with these assumptions. But that will help a lot, I guess. Just finding out.
Fabio Caironi: If I increase $2,000 in Gpus, will I actually get them back? So just.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: That's a good question to post, I think in general, we need to like identify some action items here. Kind of like we were talking about in the chat like things you can do to move the needle. So these are the things that kind of you're hinging your business on. Make sense. These are great ways to identify it. What what do you guys want to do? What are the action items? So that's what I will leave you with, and maybe you can upload some on Base camp and we can give you some comments.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And like these are all like long term, bigger picture levers, because like when we
Çoruh | CogniScope: when we are at the toys workshop. He was always like. He started with like the costs the revenues. How many customers should we attain to get profitable? And so on so forth. So we because we do financial levers. We only thought about that frame.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So that's why I think it's became much more like a big picture thing than like
Çoruh | CogniScope: striking on a weekly basis. Thing.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Thank you. Card mescope.
Lilliana Robinson: I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The underlying implication overall is still predictability. Everyone, remember, like these are all useless. Unless we can actually track
Neal Sáles-Griffin: actions, we can take that can influence our forecast of what it's going to look like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So it's not enough to have the right things to identify as what the levers might be. We have to go. Okay, what actions, what? What's the input what's the effort?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then I know I can like, look in the mirror and like, see the truth of my efforts.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's what I why, I keep drilling into here.
Lilliana Robinson: We've taught you guys like 6 different ways to look at your business in the past few weeks. So I get that your heads are kind of spinning, but they are all super important, and they're all ways that I think most people wouldn't go about their business but they really are the keys to success. That's why so many people have found success following lovers.
Lilliana Robinson: Next is Morgan.
Lilliana Robinson: and then reliables on deck.
Morgan Stanton: I only have the one slide. So these are my 3 levers. The 1st is customer. Follow up with in person meetings, so the. You know, I haven't been around that long, but the success I've had is actually been with people I've actually talked to multiple times in person. I know I can't do that for every customer in the future. But right now a lot of my network is regional. So getting lunch, coffee chats, whatever has
Morgan Stanton: been a big advantage to me. It builds relationship with me, helps them feel more confident and opal. It also ensures. I know what they want, I think, is also in this jobs to be done. It's really helpful for me to know exactly what they're looking for, and then, just
Morgan Stanton: as long as I keep doing is, it increases the chance of a potential customer becoming an actual customer and using our services. Number 2 is reducing time of contracts. So right now like I only had the my 1st client, and I was proposing like a 3 to 4 month contract, and that was because I wasn't sure
Morgan Stanton: how long certain things would take. And now I have a better idea and trying to minimize that time. So we're not spouting any of the the costs over multiple months, we can compact it down. And the cost per contract is only over like 2 months instead of 3 months. It's more revenue. Per month. It also reduces our, you know, overhead costs and helps us utilize our resources efficiently.
Morgan Stanton: And then, finally, this is kind of an odd one. I call it consumable sharing or running experiments. Concurrently I envisioned when I 1st started the company that we'd be doing things very separately, I would run our internal pipeline, and then we'd have our customer, pipeline, and I'd be ordering separate things for each one. I think that works well for a much larger company. But for me, specifically, it actually saves money to run things at the same time. Each set of experiments is not so big. So we're basically using
Morgan Stanton: less consumables, less cells, less time. Essentially, we can do kind of 2 birds with one stone.
Morgan Stanton: Again, utilizing our resources efficiently. And gets us our own internal milestones as well as reaching our customers.
Morgan Stanton: That's it.
Lilliana Robinson: This is pretty comprehensive, mark. I appreciate how you laid out. Let's go to Monica.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I have 2 questions. So maybe for number 2. Do you mean reducing time to contract execution or the duration that's outlined in the contract and number 3 by consumables. Do you mean like, we like lab reagents and stuff? Or, yes, yeah.
Morgan Stanton: So for for 2. So yeah, to be specific reducing time of contract is the actual duration of the contract. So before I was quite nervous and put like a huge amount of buffer room. And I know you can't decide everything for biology, but really trying to keep that as low as possible. And then for consumable sharing. Yes, I mean, like lab essentials that we're buying to like, keep the lab operating and do cell culture.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): How does reducing the duration of the contract reduce the overhead costs? I'm just trying to understand.
Morgan Stanton: It's more that we get more revenue per month, right? So if it's like $10,000 over 3 months, or $10,000 over 2 month. Then we we were saying, like the
Morgan Stanton: We're not spending resources into that 3rd month.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay? And then the prospect or the clients are okay with that paying more.
Morgan Stanton: I mean, this is again in a sum. This is just based off the 1st contract we ran. And I just thought, like, we're we took a long time. That's fine. We're that's our 1st run. So my goal is like the next time to reduce it down as much as we can to be reasonable. I
Morgan Stanton: neera did you have something.
Nirat Attri: Yep, I think it's like it's it's more towards Leon and Neil, actually so like the reducing time of contracts that becomes something that you optimize towards, and eventually it would saturate, like same as the like comment that Choru had in terms of our goal.
Nirat Attri: So does that also mean that eventually all levers run out
Nirat Attri: like is that? Is that also like an assumption? That would be
Nirat Attri: that we have to follow through.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They run out. What do you mean by run out.
Nirat Attri: I mean, there is only a certain extent to which you could pull this level. For example, if reducing time of contracts is is there like you would always hit one optimization level. And after that you can't change anything about it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Potentially. Yeah, potentially. Yeah, yeah, it can hit a. It can hit a cap of sorts. But you want to figure out the right balance, and the right sweet spot for each of them.
Nirat Attri: So would it mean like that? That's what I meant like, so once a level
Nirat Attri: hits that cab, then it stops being a lever. Is that the case? Then.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: no, you're still utilizing it. You just.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, you're still pulling it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're just pulling in a certain amount, because that's the capacity for it. In a given, you know, timeframe or instance or week.
Nirat Attri: Got it. So it's still legitimate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah.
Uğur Koç | dert: Guess the idea.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Honestly like what? What? It sorry. I don't mean to jump in. I just want to clarify one more thing like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it should be boring at some point like this should be boring because it's so predictable. Because we just kind of know what's gonna happen. And we just have it there like, that's what you want to get to is like a very predictable set of things that almost doesn't even seem that interesting anymore. Because, you already know it's gonna be what it is like. That's what we want. Most of us don't have that right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hope, that's clear.
Uğur Koç | dert: Yeah, can I come up with a comment. I think the way that you know. Now, hearing Liliana Neil speak about this
Uğur Koç | dert: like for the opal therapeutics example, it would be like customer follow up in person meetings, let's say opal starts with doing 40 follow ups per week, and then they see that there's high demand, so they increase it to 60, and then it's too much. Then they decide on 50, and they find out that you know, 50 is the amount of follow ups that they have to do per week to, you know. Get the best results
Uğur Koç | dert: they'll still have to commit to doing 50.
Morgan Stanton: And.
Uğur Koç | dert: Every single week and essentially pulling the lever. I think the pulling, the lever anecdote is basically doing something. Each iteration that gives you results.
Morgan Stanton: That's a big story.
Uğur Koç | dert: Think about it, so it won't ever run out.
Florence Ettlin: So if I can just piggyback on that. So then how would the reducing time of contracts, or, for example, like an app like the subscription price. Those are then not levers. Right? Those are because it's not an action that we do
Florence Ettlin: like by changing the subscription price, etc. That's not
Florence Ettlin: kind of what, or just alluded to like, okay, 50 customer follow-ups every week.
Florence Ettlin: So how? How is the second one here? A lever? I'm just yeah.
Uğur Koç | dert: That's what I think. And I think we've messed this up on number on the number 2 levers of our presentation as well. I think
Uğur Koç | dert: now that we've gone through the discussions. You know I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Home, with.
Uğur Koç | dert: I agree with what you've said.
Lilliana Robinson: You didn't mess anything up, I would just say.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like, yeah, I was, gonna say.
Lilliana Robinson: I want to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You guys had messed anything up. No, no one's in trouble. No one said anything wrong.
Lilliana Robinson: No, we're just. We're just here to get it right. So you might want to revisit
Lilliana Robinson: cogniscope. Same here, Morgan, I would say, you just need to narrow down number 2 to what the actual action is to reduce the contract like, what is it that you're going to do? What is the repeatable action that that then moves your business.
Morgan Stanton: Okay.
Dave Scott: Yeah. But I think Morgan's point is that these are fixed contracts. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Correct.
Dave Scott: She's gonna get $10,000 whether or not she does it in a day, or she does it in 30 days. And so optimizing. That is a lever for increasing revenue. It's a smart idea.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I agree.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. Morgan. Okay.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Annie Brown: yeah.
Annie Brown: And then, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin Sue is next.
Annie Brown: Alright. So. I have 2 financial levers that I feel pretty good about. And 3, rd Slider, once I have questions on. So this is just increase the number of sales calls per week. I mean, we've
Annie Brown: everything. All of our traction so far has been inbound. We haven't done any outbound at all. So I think this is a good place to start. Would be eager to get feedback on that one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's a lever. Just to be clear. You mind going back for a second. I think everyone's seeing it is everybody seeing this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is like a very clear
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, we can all nod and agree like, Okay, if she increases the sales calls per week. That makes sense as a thing that I'm doing to influence my sales right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I appreciate that.
Lilliana Robinson: And and he wrote it out right. Look with how that ends up affecting the bottom line of revenue
Lilliana Robinson: like this affects that which affects that I like this. This is good.
Morgan Stanton: And sorry. What! Just to follow up real quick. Would the Kpi for this just be number of sales calls per week, and like this would be the action item like verb, that would be before the lever.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Annie Brown: Okay, cool. And then
Annie Brown: This next one, I think, is headed in the right direction. But given this discussion, I think it needs to be narrowed down. So I said, invest in thought leadership through industry
Annie Brown: conferences, publishing research, enhancing SEO for target customer search terms. So I think maybe a better one would be I guess, like a number of hours spent on, you know, publishing a re, or number of research papers published, or
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good edit.
Annie Brown: Number of
Annie Brown: per number of dollars
Annie Brown: spent on
Annie Brown: blog posts and Pr in a month, or something like that would be the SEO one. So what actually impacts SEO.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You got it.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Annie Brown: But I I, this one is one that we have some good evidence on so far that it does
Annie Brown: increase or it does
Annie Brown: impact traction, but we haven't measured it. So I'm excited to actually start measuring it. And like, I said, it's going to be tricky. But I think now that I've
Annie Brown: yeah, we're talking it through. I think I see it now and then. The last one are 2.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So sorry. I need to jump in just to be clear with what you just said. It sounds like you've been succeeding with your eyes closed. Yes, you're like, Hey, like, it's just working. And like, I'm not questioning it. But it's happening. And that's good. And now we're going to open our eyes, and we're gonna look at it. And then we're going to make it even better. Good.
Annie Brown: And then the last 2 that I'm kind of deciding like which one should be our 3rd main lever. I think the the issue here is kind of same as what we've been discussing at. These are the rooms, not necessarily the levers, so maybe the Standardized service delivery.
Annie Brown: lever would be some sort of action that leads to standardization. And then the operational efficiency. I think maybe we could just focus on
Annie Brown: maybe.
Annie Brown: Well, I don't know why I want to say, maybe, like
Annie Brown: velocity of service delivery, maybe back to Morgan's thing like how fast we're able to
Annie Brown: deliver the data annotation, product, or like, not the product. But this is actually specifically to our data, annot annotation like concierge service.
Annie Brown: And then that's my last slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's open it to comments from the group.
Lilliana Robinson: What do you guys think especially about the ones that Annie has questions on.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, I feel like any already. Now, through all this conversation you kind of hit it on the nailed with.
Florence Ettlin: Now I think we all understand. It's by the actions that we put in. And we also looked at the optimizing one. I think it's just hard to figure out what's the actions that we can measure towards that so if we come to any conclusions we're happy to share. But yeah, I think definitely the 1st one, now that we see, it's like basically the secondary Kpis that we thought of all the different actions that we can take. I think the 1st one you presented was spot on. Now it makes sense
Florence Ettlin: for sure.
Lilliana Robinson: Anybody else.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I don't know if, Neil, before we move on, you wanted to say anything about these
Lilliana Robinson: 2.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm gonna give this this last one some, thought Annie.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Annie Brown: Okay. Great. Yeah. Me, too.
Annie Brown: Oh, Monica.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, sorry, Annie. This isn't related to your slides, but it was going off of what Florence just said. Like the levers are discrete actions we can take. But like, how do you parse out
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): expenditure versus actions cause like, if you're talking about Google ads or something, it's just
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): the lever is the spend right? So when is the lever? The spend versus the lever, the action.
Lilliana Robinson: I would say the love the lover is always the action that you're taking.
Lilliana Robinson: No, and not just the amount that you're that you would spend on that thing. It's that. Well, first, st that's an assumption. But say, that's true. It's the action of okay, we increase these ads by X percent. I know that that will increase revenue by Y percent.
Lilliana Robinson: That's like what I really like you guys to get to
Lilliana Robinson: like apricot. And by this time the Teenage Bra Company. They can. Basically, if I, if I texted them and asked them, they would be able to say, like, if I spend X on adding a new influencer to have them like do marketing for us. This is how much on average, they would probably bring in per like
Lilliana Robinson: per month in sales.
Lilliana Robinson: because there are like these things that happen after I pull that lever.
Lilliana Robinson: That's the predictability we want to get to. So like for you, it's like I spend 200 on each conference that results in 3 leads, one converts, and it will be this amount. And that's in 6 months. And so you just know that that $200 will turn into that X amount of dollars.
Lilliana Robinson: Does that? Does that make sense, Monica? You still look uncertain.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I mean, I think when you are spending something, you just have to know exactly what that's resulting in and what that thing results in and so on and so forth, right
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): like the whole chain of events, has to be predictable.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Think that's what I'm getting.
Nirat Attri: Like just to just to add to that, because, like same same question, because I also understand coming from the same marketing perspective, it's just very expensive to run this experiment. In the 1st place, that's where my mind is going. But if you are trying to look at more visibility at conference booths and spends in that regard and trying to optimize for what happens afterwards.
Nirat Attri: Just an experiment that's slightly expensive to run. That's why I'm
Nirat Attri: thinking about it right now.
Nirat Attri: How really? How do you validate it?
Uğur Koç | dert: I really want to ask, like.
Uğur Koç | dert: I I think the main point of confusion, because, like, you know, everyone has different ways of
Uğur Koç | dert: talking about levers, but like, what's the difference between a financial lever and
Uğur Koç | dert: the lever that we know from the book or the course work? Because.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Uğur Koç | dert: Like, can we please elude a bit on that? Because, like Troy's
Uğur Koç | dert: presentation and the book seems to be sort of conflicting. I don't wanna.
Uğur Koç | dert: you know, like I I didn't get it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, well, Troy, Troy, Troy, Troy, wrote the book.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like the large part of the book, is what Trey wrote as well, just to be clear.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I don't know if they're that conflicting. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what we're saying might conflict with it a bit, because I think the analogy I said earlier, or is about the the room
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with each room having certain actual levers, so on a financial model, you might represent the progress with these larger buckets.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but at the end of the day. What's going to help you all actually measure your progress and hold yourself accountable to making real progress? It's not just tracking these
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like broader kind of categories. It's actually tracking the efforts you're making to influence those categories.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is that tracking? Does that make sense.
Uğur Koç | dert: Yes, but in Troy's presentation I got it, as you know, increasing the price of your product or decreasing the price.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Uğur Koç | dert: Product will have a profound influence on how many units you're selling, because.
Uğur Koç | dert: you know, price equilibrium moves to the right, to the left.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's right.
Uğur Koç | dert: But in our case now, the following, the conversation that conversations that we're having here right now.
Uğur Koç | dert: I wouldn't count price as a lever. Why? Because it's not something that we I can continuously put effort into and get some output out of.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's yeah. There, there's a nuance there. I think you identified on the pricing point like an important distinction. You could still consider it a lever, and that like, if you increase it or decrease, it could have certain factors of influence, I think, before the term lever started to become popularized the way that Troy would describe it was sensitivity analysis. So we poke around in our financial models and figure out what influence something has. And if you change the price. It has a huge difference, something else you change. It doesn't make a difference at all. That kind of thing. So that's all. Legitimate.
Uğur Koç | dert: What about the repeatability aspect of it? Like changing the price is not something you can repeat continuously.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That that. And that's where I'm coming from. So what I'm getting at is I want, I want things that you guys have like, actual predictable control over that we can support you on throughout the program.
Çoruh | CogniScope: May I contribute to that analogy a bit on my understanding.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So
Çoruh | CogniScope: so, as you said, like, if we take these like Troy's financial assumption, thing is
Çoruh | CogniScope: as control like control panels. We have a lot of levers to control
Çoruh | CogniScope: that controlled room, basically. And possibly the gigs on those levers are actually our Kpis to keep track of how the lever is working or not
Çoruh | CogniScope: kind of thing.
Çoruh | CogniScope: maybe, like as a as a cockpit. They have many panels, and they have many buttons, but when you flip a button. It's like the gag on the like. Flip tells you how like, how is the temperature like, how is the speed is like, how you're doing with the kind of like the orientation of the plane.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, you and you should crap, keep track of these. But you should control these by like turning these Lev that buttons and levers
Çoruh | CogniScope: to control. Hold the plane on a like for the possible direction. Maybe like add an allergy for my case.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Sure, that's what I understood from your
Çoruh | CogniScope: approach. Basically.
Lilliana Robinson: I like that a lot.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Nice way to put it out there. I think.
Lilliana Robinson: I know Neil like.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Since.
Lilliana Robinson: White analogies.
Lilliana Robinson: That's really good.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I'm also I don't know what you said. Look, guys, so
Çoruh | CogniScope: I love it.
Lilliana Robinson: And yeah, the people in the chat are asking, yeah, the Kpis can measure the health of the business. That's kind of the whole point of metrics which we'll get to tomorrow. But yes.
Lilliana Robinson: a collab.
Florence Ettlin: So we wanted clarification on that example that you gave us about the Teenage Bra Company
Florence Ettlin: is the lever, the influencers? Or is it the number of posts that they would be? Yeah publishing.
Florence Ettlin: because wouldn't the room be the control room? Sort of be like social media marketing or the influencers, and then the lever be the number of posts.
Lilliana Robinson: I think they were doing it based on how many influencers they were hiring, because then they could know that I don't think they were paying them for a per post. I think it was like they they had this like deal that they would just sign them up, for I don't know. It was 2 years ago, so I don't remember exactly, but either one
Lilliana Robinson: something that they can actionably do. So they're either increasing the amount of posts per the 5 influencers they're already paying, or they're going out and adding more influencers because they want to increase the amount of virality they get. I'm not sure how they set up their deal with them. But yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: either one are actionable steps.
Florence Ettlin: So that means salespeople could be a lever. Because, let's say, one salesperson can bring in 10 new companies that could be a lever. So I bring in another sales. Rep like they just bring in another influencer.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. But you have to get that validated. So like you have to know, like, before you spend money on doing that.
Florence Ettlin: And.
Lilliana Robinson: On one and make sure that they're targeting the right segment so that you can increase the amount of deals per salesperson. And then you know what to hold the new person accountable for right? And then you want to know how much that can convert to to sales. So then you know how much money you should probably be spending on the sales. Rep. You don't want to pay more on the sales rep than what they can bring in.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Dave Scott: That's how salesforce grew. Salesforce had a calculation. They knew exactly how much revenue any new salesperson would bring in on year one year, 2 year 3. And so if they needed to hit a certain goal of 200 million dollars, they'd be like boom. I need 14 sales reps.
Dave Scott: It's pretty impressive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Speaking of impressive Fabio, that's a really nice coat. Look at you all stylish over there, hanging out.
Fabio Caironi: Appreciate it. I can give off some more advice if you just meet me personally.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Uğur Koç | dert: Very classy.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin Sue, you're up next.
Kevin Su: I cannot see chat. So if anybody has questions, comments, feel free to shout it out.
Kevin Su: Can everyone see my screen.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep.
Kevin Su: So I think I format this a little bit more different. I. Personally, my levers are increase, decrease, and pay marketing channels, drive partnerships and improving the base product.
Kevin Su: But I think that's just more broad strategies for very specific levers. And you guys will see what I mean.
Kevin Su: so for increase in pay marketing channels. This is the primary driver of our user acquisition.
Kevin Su: Our users rely heavily on social media to discover new resources, and we've seen success with it with organic marketing. So one of our prime levers right now is number of Reddit posts lead to X number of users X number of website business which leads to X number of account sign ups. But we haven't identified the marginal value on per dollar spend for our pay channels. So not confident, saying, This is the
Kevin Su: any of these are our main lever that we can pull, which has the biggest effect on our business. That's why, there's a couple but some examples that we thought that was number
Kevin Su: a dollar increase or decrease in social media marketing channels. After we've identified, which has the highest roi which has the highest traction for us through tests affiliate marketing with it
Kevin Su: influencers so number of influencers we partner with, and the number of users that lead us to.
Kevin Su: And then ambassador programs with students and our tutors, which is kind of on the same structure with influencers.
Kevin Su: So number 2 is increase in partnerships. We see this as secondary driver of user acquisition. It's not as direct as organic or pay channels, but it gives access to users in larger volumes.
Kevin Su: So some inputs for this is the increase in time spent on creating partnerships. And I think how we pull that lever is identify, how long it takes to generate a partnership.
Kevin Su: what the resources needed for that is, and then how? What the outsource is in terms of number of potential new users. The second input is hiring a partnership team. So per partnership person, how many partnerships are we generating from that hire
Kevin Su: and finally, I think this is where I would like some ideas from the group. So the way I understand the last 2 is user acquisition is how we get our 1st users. Number 3 is user retention.
Kevin Su: And we chose this lever to improve user intention because that directly affects profitability.
Kevin Su: We think improving, the product will increase increase stickiness of the product. But we're unsure how to actually quantify that, what actual inputs into our product can we make
Kevin Su: to make our products more sticky, to increase monthly user retention or annual user retention. But like, I said, the goal here is to increase usage, time, retention idea thought of us sending customer surveys, seeing who's happy with what features, and then building our features from there to see increase in revenue. But I think I'm still brainstorming here?
Kevin Su: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: How does the is this the end, Kevin? I don't want to.
Kevin Su: Understand.
Lilliana Robinson: How does improving the base product like walk me through?
Lilliana Robinson: How that's going to change your end line. And I don't remember exactly your revenue model. So is it like they're paying per amount that they come back.
Kevin Su: Yeah, great question. So we have, we're a freeman model.
Kevin Su: And right now, we're projecting basically, 20% of our free users will become paid.
Kevin Su: We have
Kevin Su: access. Free users have access to the base model and some features, but mainly we're a subscription model that makes money from our paid users, and the way we increase our pay to free
Kevin Su: percentage is by increasing usage time, which increases our retention.
Lilliana Robinson: And you've seen that. So that's repeatable. So you've seen that when they hit like X number of hours on the platform, they convert.
Kevin Su: We haven't launched monetization yet. So that's an assumption. But we just assume that for most premium models, that's the basic assumption to be made there. Well, where soon?
Lilliana Robinson: That's what I want you to get to. Once you launch with your own company. That you know for sure like, hey? If we can keep them on for 20 h, then they'll flip. Cause. Then you would know that this 3rd lover is a hundred percent worth it right to like, keep them on for longer to make them convert right now, just like an assumption.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you go back to 2 and one really quick
Lilliana Robinson: cause? These are things you can do like right now, when are you launching monetization.
Kevin Su: September 30, th tentatively.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Does anyone have any comments for Kevin.
Morgan Stanton: Kevin, I had a quick comment. I know you're not making money yet, but this the increase and decrease in social media marketing channels. You, you said you are when you post on Reddit you're getting a certain number of like increase in subscriptions.
Morgan Stanton: and so.
Kevin Su: So you? Oh, bye.
Morgan Stanton: No go ahead like. So I feel like, that's just like a really nice data source you already have that could potentially help you make some decisions. Now.
Kevin Su: Yeah, absolutely. We're so we're basing this off of
Kevin Su: what we're seeing from our organic channels.
Kevin Su: which might not actually be the smartest
Kevin Su: assumption. But we're assuming that because we're seeing this growth from our organic channels you Reddit, once we actually start investing paying for different marketing channels. And once we can identify which channel has the biggest conversion per dollar spend. That's where we want to spend most of our efforts and investment on.
Morgan Stanton: Couldn't you use it even like sooner to like I I don't know how much, if you have to pay for the Reddit or whatever. But like, if you make a post, and you see you get 50 people like, isn't that great data already to kind of make some bigger assumptions about how much money you could get like, or at least to like, stay with Reddit like twice a week we make posts or 3 times a week, and we get this number of turnover.
Nicholas Li: I think a bit of context for this is that we can only make one post a week. So there's a difference between post and ads.
Nicholas Li: So I've read, it limits the post to one a week.
Nicholas Li: and when we start monetization it goes down to 30 days, or once once every month.
Nicholas Li: so like we can't post more frequently than that.
Nicholas Li: Users see the post versus an ad, so they might click differently.
Morgan Stanton: Got it.
Kevin Su: And just to add additional context. There, too, we have. We pause in the summer to work on product building. So very last 2 weeks was when we did our second round of Pre Beta, just to test our products. But this is why we haven't
Kevin Su: experimented with paid social paid marketing channels earlier, just because we haven't
Kevin Su: been doing any of this acquisition.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other comments for true to me.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. Let's go to our next one. Thank you, Kevin.
Lilliana Robinson: Just scroll all the way up to the beginning.
Lilliana Robinson: After Kevin. I have Fabio, and then I don't have any other
Lilliana Robinson: volunteers. So if you didn't put your name in yet, make sure that you throw.
Dave Scott: How do we? How do we get on the list?
Lilliana Robinson: You just put in the chat.
Fabio Caironi: Okay, cool.
Fabio Caironi: Let me close this
Fabio Caironi: whatever.
Fabio Caironi: I'm sorry I have to close this.
Fabio Caironi: Sorry something's not working.
Fabio Caironi: Oh.
Lilliana Robinson: And maybe just unshare and reshare.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah. But I don't see that
Fabio Caironi: pointer anymore. Okay? One second.
Fabio Caironi: again. Same problem. Sorry. Let me just share the full screen.
Fabio Caironi: Okay, sorry about that.
Lilliana Robinson: It's okay.
Fabio Caironi: There we go!
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, this works fine. We can see it.
Fabio Caironi: Great. Yeah. So
Fabio Caironi: Following Neil's comment this morning
Fabio Caironi: we took out our
Fabio Caironi: compute price as one of the levers
Fabio Caironi: I would like to like. Go back on that after I presented a free 3 levers that we have identified, because I think it's still like sort of like
Fabio Caironi: a something that we can factor in. But probably it will come like at a later stage. So we focus on something that is very reproducible is very tangible, is very measurable.
Fabio Caironi: And and something that we we've also seen some like hints off, if not like real data.
Fabio Caironi: So the 1st one will be
Fabio Caironi: here we go. The 1st one will be expanding our guides and tutorials
Fabio Caironi: about our product and about use cases and
Fabio Caironi: basically
Fabio Caironi: posting on our online locations. This kind of content
Fabio Caironi: will not only increase
Fabio Caironi: our inbound sales.
Fabio Caironi: but also
Fabio Caironi: it will
Fabio Caironi: basically
Fabio Caironi: improve our customer retention. So we we plan on improving our documentation by producing this bits of content that are very easily to easy to consume.
Fabio Caironi: because we have seen that typically
Fabio Caironi: this is a pattern for other other platforms, competitive platforms.
Fabio Caironi: and in this way we can also win over undecided customers. So we are catering to the top of the funnel. For this specific lever, and I think there can be like a specific measurement on like.
Fabio Caironi: you know, if we post one guide a week.
Fabio Caironi: we can get X amount of new sign-ups
Fabio Caironi: every week.
Fabio Caironi: So how can we pull? It is pretty much like having someone do this.
Fabio Caironi: maybe like, if not full time, at least, like, you know, 20 h, 30 HA week, because it takes a lot of time. You have to understand fully the product. And
Fabio Caironi: then you have to create these Demos distribute them. So it's probably like the work of a person
Fabio Caironi: can be like a contractor, so you know, can cost up some money, or I can devote some time to this, but of course it will take some. Take some time out of other activities. So definitely, you have to think twice before
Fabio Caironi: pulling this lever, but
Fabio Caironi: it definitely produces good results.
Fabio Caironi: The next, like.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 1 min left Fabia.
Fabio Caironi: Okay, I'll be quick. Add, spend on a service computing keywords. It is pretty simple.
Fabio Caironi: Service computing is very niche. So we will cater to the bottom funnel.
Fabio Caironi: yeah. People that already know what did it? What that is that has already tried functions as a service like, aws, lambda, they're just trying to look for new solution. So what to do? They look
Fabio Caironi: for service computing or cloud functions or Api for containerized computing on Google cloud. Oh, sorry on Google search. And
Fabio Caironi: yeah, we can be right there positioning on the top results
Fabio Caironi: exhibition
Fabio Caironi: slash pitches at known AI cloud tech us. So we saw this.
Fabio Caironi: Like
Fabio Caironi: 1st hand this is very high converting so, but it is also expensive, like it's a lever that we can pull. We can decide. Oh, yeah, we do.
Fabio Caironi: We do 2 events this month, or we do 0 events this month, depending on what is our workload and also what are our resources? Because sometimes
Fabio Caironi: this is expensive, you know, like a booth can like like 5 or 10 bucks at a at a big trade shows.
Fabio Caironi: But we saw a lot of
Fabio Caironi: possibilities to
Fabio Caironi: on board new people and also grow our audience with prospects outside our network.
Fabio Caironi: So all these 3 types of levers are
Fabio Caironi: increasing, basically the inbound, and the volume and value of sales.
Uğur Koç | dert: Before anyone chimes in. Can I say something? I think this is like, this is really good, because, like, we've already done an interview with Fabio's team. Because, you know, we
Uğur Koç | dert: use these services so one could say that we are potential prospecting customer. And these levers I can verify from the demand side, because I've seen products similar to bite night via these things like, I've seen products like Byte night at exhibitions where they present it to me. I've seen it on Google when I was looking for a solution, I saw them online. So you know, I think this is very spot on from the demand side as well.
Fabio Caironi: Appreciate your feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Any.
Annie Brown: Yeah, I was sorry going to say something similar from the demand side. I I'm really obsessed with the 1st one. Because I think
Annie Brown: that's such. That's 1 that, including myself, like oftentimes gets overlooked that like, you know, if somebody understood it a bit more, or understood how it was used a bit more. Then they would come on like on board as a customer, quicker, or maybe stay on longer as a customer. So yeah, I actually added that one to my own list, because I think that's that's great.
Lilliana Robinson: I, yeah, I especially like your next steps here, like the next steps section that you have for every single one. I think everyone should make one like that, he called it. How how can we pull it? But basically like, what what do we do to get this done? So either hiring someone to produce those or delegating it to one of your current team members. I like that a lot.
Lilliana Robinson: I also like the last one. If you go to the 3.
Lilliana Robinson: I've seen a lot of you guys. There's like a right. You're like the 4th one that is saying like exhibitions, things like that so? I'll just echo what Dave said. Where it's like you can. You can get this to be free, and you can figure out like savvy ways to get in here and have the same value.
Fabio Caironi: I would just like to like, express our own concern and like critique to this presentation.
Fabio Caironi: There's not. There's not data yet. So
Fabio Caironi: and and I think that can be very crucial, because, like, we've seen, you know, perfect. For example, for this specific lever going to events we've seen like our spending increase substantially like. Once we went to this trade show, we spent almost like
Fabio Caironi: 15 K.
Fabio Caironi: And
Fabio Caironi: the result was very good. But
Fabio Caironi: we weren't ready to sell a product back then. So we didn't have a specific like.
Fabio Caironi: Roi! On that activity
Fabio Caironi: which makes it more difficult now to
Fabio Caironi: understand really like, how much can we afford in terms of time and resources spent?
Fabio Caironi: So these like are good and paper. But I think we'll have to refine and and prioritize
Fabio Caironi: some of these, or maybe add more ones, as we figure out the ones that have a better profitability.
Dave Scott: Here. Here's what I'll do. On Monday, the 23rd at noon. I will do a trade show masterclass for lunch.
Dave Scott: So anyone who wants to go in there I will tell you all the ins and outs of jumping onto a trade show and getting the most out of it, so that'll be on the 23rd at noon. I'll have. I'll maybe Chloe can help me put it on the calendar.
Lilliana Robinson: There you go. You can reach out to Chloe. She'll make sure that it fits in between people's mentor. Madness slots.
Dave Scott: Okay, yeah. Okay, fair. Fair enough. Happy to do it.
Lilliana Robinson: That's great, Dave. I love that.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Cause we've had, like 4 or 5
Lilliana Robinson: cool any other final things for Fabio here. I think you're on a great
Lilliana Robinson: path here, Fabia.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: let's go to Dave.
Dave Scott: I was writing a note for myself.
Dave Scott: Alright, so I think I probably I think I got this thing entirely wrong
Dave Scott: so I'm really glad I got to go last, because I got to fix it while I watched all you amazing people do your thing.
Dave Scott: So I actually start out with the rooms, so I started out with, there are 3 made. There are 3, 4 major letter levers, 4 major rooms I care about. One is customer acquisition, which is a calculation of lifetime value. Cac. And return on ad spend. One is net growth, which is a combination of new subscribers.
Dave Scott: plus total subscribers minus churn subscribers.
Dave Scott: The next is engagement, which is dau mau minutes per session, and sessions per week, and then revenue, which is Mrr versus times. Arpu, minus net churn is how I calculate revenue. So I started out really broad, probably too broad
Dave Scott: to sort of think about sort of the the financial levers that at least I know are in my financial model.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great so far, Dave.
Dave Scott: Sorry.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I said, this is great so far we're all with you.
Dave Scott: Okay, cool, cool. Then I got savvy. I got savvy and big goal number one here, which is increase subscription revenue. So the why is we have a thousands of people in our community that engage with our brand on a daily basis that are not subscribers.
Dave Scott: Only a small percentage of them have subscribed to our Patreon. And so I'm wondering if there are levers that I can use to increase the percentage of subscribers coming from my discord channel. So some of the levers I pull are. I wonder if I could create like a free tier. See if I can pull people to the free tier and then upgrade up
Dave Scott: test different value propositions, different mixtures of content and value that I can share in order to increase the conversion rate, and then the way I would measure it is number of subscribers. As a percentage of my discord community.
Dave Scott: My second is increase free to pay. So this is the premium path.
Dave Scott: And so another hypothesis is that if I can recruit people to my free tier, do they convert faster or better than I if I convert them directly to my paid. So is that stutter step useful or not useful?
Dave Scott: So we have a lot of people who are subscribed to our free tier now. So I'm wondering whether or not I can. If if there is value in increasing the percentage of subscribers from the free tier and spending energy there
Dave Scott: the levers to pull our test that free tier test some free drops. So by drops, I mean content dropping content and dropping loot essentially and then offer promotions to get people to upgrade.
Dave Scott: And then, if this is done well, then the number of paid that I can measure it by the number of paid subscribers as a percentage of total subscribers, which is free plus paid
Dave Scott: and then the 3rd one is reduced churn. So churn is the killer of most subscription businesses. As you guys know.
Dave Scott: Once people subscribe, it's harder to get unsubscribed, it's hard to get them back. So the hope is I can lower churn, and so the levers I can pull are, you know. Would it be valuable if I could increase their engagement on the platform.
Dave Scott: Maybe I can test unique content drops in the middle of the month.
Dave Scott: so they don't want to churn, and then, if they do churn, conduct, exit interviews to find out why they churned
Dave Scott: and the the impact on the model is less unsubscribes per period which equals greater. Mr.
Lilliana Robinson: So, Dave, out of these 3 goals, which one do you think would move the lever or move the needle for your business? The most.
Dave Scott: This one. I've got 35,000 people in my community, and only 181 subscribers.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: It looks like Annie, unmuted.
Annie Brown: Oh, yeah, I was just. I like the way you broke this down. Cause I think this helps
Annie Brown: helps me. So like, for example, my thought leadership. One like increase investment thought leadership. And then I could have several levers
Annie Brown: under that. So I like that. You'd like that. Levers to pull line, I think, is very useful.
Dave Scott: Cool.
Dave Scott: I stole it from flow.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other comments for Dave here.
Florence Ettlin: I guess, just based on the conversation we had today. I wonder here those test free tier and test different value propositions. Would those be considered levers, or would we need to go more granular to be like?
Florence Ettlin: I don't know on top of my mind, but like more on the action side of what we can do.
Florence Ettlin: Quantify it more, I guess. I think, on your number 3. Dave, one of them was like really, really clear, like conduct exit interviews like that one is super clear. I'm going to conduct. I don't know. 10 exit interviews each week. So for that previous one, wouldn't we need to find something similar to that style.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I had the same question, Flo. Actually, if you go back to Number 3, Dave, just for those 2 increase engagement and test content drops.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Those could be probably specified further
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in in a similar way, that conduct exit. Exit. Interviews are already fairly objective and clear.
Dave Scott: Yeah, he means like the different kinds of or the free.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, exactly like. So what would you do to increase engagement on platform? Yeah.
Dave Scott: Yeah, more quizzes. More
Dave Scott: people are polls for some reason, so do a punish polls.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you've got quantifiable things that you can experiment with the test and measure to see what works right.
Dave Scott: Helpful. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There you go!
Lilliana Robinson: And then same with gold, too. Can you go back aside?
Lilliana Robinson: Flo is asking here.
Dave Scott: So she's saying that like testing a free tier is binary
Dave Scott: which I think I get, I get your point for that.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Well.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: The other ones. Yeah, the other ones are repeatable actions and things that you can validate. As to whether or not it's going to move the needle for goal 2.
Dave Scott: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool
Lilliana Robinson: and.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Also, I think we can help you with some of those to actually with your discord, channels, messages, at least.
Dave Scott: I'm ready. I've been waiting. I'm here.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, yeah, I know. I know. I know there's too much happening. So we're always talking about you. But
Çoruh | CogniScope: let's do this.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that. That's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Okay, Dave, this is great. So just like I said to other people, you don't use the word like mess up or did it wrong? It's great. You just have a few little tweaks to make.
Lilliana Robinson: So totally good.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I'm gonna share my screen because we agent.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, we have snapshot.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, snapshot reviews. Cesar, you wanna go.
Sezer: Yeah, I just said it.
Sezer: Alright. Let me share my screen
Sezer: hopefully. You're able to see.
Sezer: So I hope I
Sezer: took the whole thing from the correct perspective. But I added 2 levers, one it. This is like this was a plan that we had for a while. And last week we actually
Sezer: got into action
Sezer: about this. But this is onboarding some
Sezer: clients
Sezer: unpaid. But just to be clear, these are clients, companies, organizations that we already have relation ship for years. So it's not like free tier or free
Sezer: plan per se.
Sezer: but more like
Sezer: allowing them to use our product
Sezer: for a while to test.
Sezer: to give their feedbacks, because these organizations are
Sezer: very large organizations with like
Sezer: hundreds of engineers.
Sezer: So
Sezer: that actually serves as a big
Sezer: testing opportunity for us both from technical perspective, but also from the product perspective as well. So we have to suck up the AI costs
Sezer: for these organizations also to onboard these customers. We have to do a lot of manual work.
Sezer: and
Sezer: it was a real pain to onboard their data to be honest. That
Sezer: that's what we have been doing for the last one week. Like. If you see if you see us busy on one corner of the Co working space. That's why
Sezer: but we are already getting a lot of good feedbacks. We saw all the problems that are related to our onboarding process, because it's very large data that we can't
Sezer: have ourselves. Also, at some point, if they really decide to decide that this product is the product for them.
Sezer: The pay will be huge like we'll suddenly have a good revenue.
Sezer: And
Sezer: even though neither of them happens, those are big names in their space so good reference in that sense.
Sezer: So.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you have other lovers, Scissor.
Sezer: Yeah. The other lever is a bit more simpler than that is the Pr and marketing activities that we have been doing for a while.
Sezer: It is costly, and it is mostly trial and error. Approach there to understand what works better than the others.
Sezer: We work with some Pr. Agencies before we are doing ourselves also, like Google as
Sezer: Facebook, slash Instagram as whatever we never
Sezer: pushed it too far because we didn't think
Sezer: the product was there yet, but nowadays we feel like it like the product
Sezer: we have more trusting. So we are ready, actually, to go more
Sezer: harsh with the Pr
Sezer: and marketing. But yeah, it's
Sezer: the risk is is costly, and we don't know what we'll get eventually. But
Sezer: on the bright side it's an experience. I guess that we have to pass through.
Sezer: and also it allows us to
Sezer: build some structure like
Sezer: tracking structures or analytics structure, and like at some point, everything.
Sezer: Every piece will come together, and you'll have a working structure. That's the expectation there.
Sezer: So yeah, those were the 2 levers I had.
Lilliana Robinson: So how validated is this spend you're doing on Pr and marketing activities. You said you've been doing it for a while. Is this something like, you know. If you put in X amount of dollars into this, you'll get a return on your investment.
Sezer: So actually, we have been observing what works better than the others. For example.
Sezer: few months ago, chrome had a podcast and a article ads that was published in Stack Overflow.
Sezer: We actually had some leads from there. A few few people came up to the site. They sign up and try to explore the product. But the product was not that mature enough back then? But still we validated that
Sezer: like having articles may work in, of course, in reputable sites.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think both of these need a lot of work. I think I think they need to, based on everything we talked about so far with everyone else's. There's a lot of chiseling that needs to happen here, so that we know specifically what you can measure and manage.
Sezer: Yeah. But I guess what we are missing here is just to calculate
Sezer: how much it really costs, like per people like
Sezer: what we will.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Sezer: Actually.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I. You know, I mentioned to you guys last week when you talked about Pr. How that usually scares me because a lot of startups sink money into Pr, and it's just like basically light lighting a big ball of money on fire.
Annie Brown: Before anybody pays anybody to do. Pr come, talk to me, cause.
Sezer: Yeah, we're allowed to.
Annie Brown: Yeah, there's a lot of ways you can get really good Pr for free just earn earn media. And it's and Pr agencies really do.
Annie Brown: they're they're a little parasitic. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So, Sarah, were you? I don't know if you saw the discussion earlier, but you might want to watch this recording back and see, like we had a pretty thorough discussion on, like how these need to be actionable. And you need to talk about like exactly what repeatable actions you can take that would move the lever for your business, so I'd love for you to take another stab at this and maybe upload it in base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: changing it to be actionable, based on the things we talked about in this session.
Sezer: Yeah. Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other final points for snapshot here. Anything anyone else wants to add.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Well, thank you.
Sezer: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, super quick. And then I think we'll be able to end on time is agent linear.
Lilliana Robinson: hey? Everyone. Hi, guys, we're really sorry we can't be there. We're about to jump into our jobs to be done interview, but just wanted to share a brief presentation about how we're thinking about our levers. So Dominique and I have had a bit of a discussion. We've had an opportunity to flick through some of this book.
Lilliana Robinson: and one of the key takeaways from it was that we see that our inputs are really a key measure of effort. So a couple of examples from the book were the number of lines of code written or average response times for customers. So we've taken a little bit of inspiration from the book to create our 3 levers and then inputs, and we've put some thought around that which I'll hand over to Dominique to walk through. Exactly. Thank you. So there's 3 different levers that we are thinking about. But first, st before we talk about input, we've zoomed out
Lilliana Robinson: and thought about well, what 3 areas are really key for us as a business and where we're at in our journey. And those 3 areas are one market penetration, 2 market development and 3 product development. So I'll briefly walk you through those 3 levers. Now explain to you what the input is and the rationale behind that, and why we're very excited to measure it.
Lilliana Robinson: So the 1st one is all about market penetration. So specifically, the input that we are going to measure as a result of our efforts is number of sales meetings conducted. You can think of this as Demos. There's various rationale behind this. But to give you one example, this is really going to help us to optimize our funnel, and, importantly, that marketing to sales conversion. So we can really start to get in front of the customer, get our product in front of the customer, and in terms of how we would turn that into a growth lever. One idea that we've had is
Lilliana Robinson: pre-recording our Demos and eventually moving these onto the website we found in the past that this really helps to improve impound. Mql, so marketing qualified leads. And so this is something that we'd really like to focus on as we scale
Lilliana Robinson: moving on to the second lever. This is all about market development. And specifically, we want to focus on the number of emails that we send in terms of direct outreach. One of the rationales is really, this is going to help us understand this channel as part of our acquisition strategy and importantly evaluate our Roi things we're going to be focusing on are a B testing and really building triggered email sequences at specific time intervals and again helping to move users down the funnel.
Lilliana Robinson: I have 30 seconds left. Lever 3 is all about product development. Specifically, we're going to focus on user feedback implemented the rationale is that we're really early stage in our product. So we want to improve this as quickly as we can to have that competitive edge and also really focus on launching beta groups. So we can gather actionable feedback. And before a widespread release we're out of time. We're excited to catch up with you all and welcome any feedback offline. Thanks, guys. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. That was impressive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's really good, right? It was a good way to bring it home, you know all the point we were trying to make. And then Angel Luner clearly understood the assignment.
Lilliana Robinson: I.
Florence Ettlin: First.st
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So they're gonna watch this recording back. I don't know if anyone has any feedback for them that you wanted to quickly say. But we're at time, so just throw it in the chat. We'll give Agent Lunar direct feedback via Boxer. But this was great. I hope that you guys all understand, and some of you do need to do some tweaks. But most of you overall really understood it. So tomorrow we're going to bring this home with Kpis. 1st thing
Lilliana Robinson: we'll see you. Then, if you have any, follow up questions or anything like that, just send us a box here. But overall this was great. I hope that you guys feel like you have a really good grasp on your lovers.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. See you later.